First pass reorganising readme content (#251)
ONSdigital/eq-author-app: RUNNING.md

# Running

## Table of Contents

- [Running With Docker](#running-with-docker)
- [Environment Variables](#environment-variables)
- [Troubleshooting](#troubleshooting)

## Running With Docker

> For convenience,  `docker-compose.yml` configuration files are supplied with this project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For convenience, `docker-compose.yml` configuration files are supplied with this project.
```

> The compose file orchestrates the Publisher application and the EQ schema validation service.

Reviewer: The `eq-author-api` and `eq-publisher` projects have their own docker compose configuration files.

Until we hoist the configuration to the root of the repo, the documentation should reflect this.

A benefit of this approach is that there is no need to run the schema validation service manually.

### Environment Variables

| Name                   | Description                             | Required |
| ---------------------- | --------------------------------------- | -------- |
| `REACT_APP_API_URL`    | Set Author API URL                      | Yes      |
| `REACT_APP_LAUNCH_URL` | Set the launch-a-survey target          | No       |

> | `PUBLIC_URL`           | The public URL inferred if not provided | No       |

Reviewer: There are the environment variables for `eq-author`. This isn't clear from the docs.

> From a command window(s) navigate to the component directory and run the command to start up the component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From a terminal navigate to each directory and run the command to start the project.
```

| Component Directory   | Command                           | Browser                                           |
| -                                     | -                                           | -                                                 |
| eq-author                      | `yarn start`                         | [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)    |
| eq-author-api               | `docker-compose up --build`  | [http://localhost:4000/graphiql](http://localhost:4000/graphiql)                                                              |
| eq-author-publisher     | `docker-compose up --build`  |  [http://localhost:9000](http://localhost:9000)                                   |
|                                                                                              | [/graphql/:questionaireId](http://localhost:9000/graphql/1)   Demonstrates the JSON that is output by the Author API |

> |                                                                                              | [/publish/:questionaireId](http://localhost:9000/publish/1)    Demonstrates the published EQ JSON                     |

Reviewer: I think this might be clearer as a step-by-step instructions rather than this tabular format.

> **Note that the `--build` flag is only required on first run.**

Reviewer 2: I don't think this flag is required at all

> Notes

Reviewer 3: This markdown doesn't render as expected. 
<img width="646" alt="screenshot 2019-03-08 at 10 53 59" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2471296/54024782-9278d800-4190-11e9-8dd8-e1bce47c32af.png">

Author: This table has been removed along with reference to the build flag.
